# Webhooks

## User Data Webhook

You can register your webhook endpoint for receiving ConsCent user data by logging in to your ConsCent Client Dashboard and navigating to the [Webhook Page](https://client.conscent.in/dashboard/webhook). You will be able to enable/disable and edit your webhook url from this section. Once the webhook URL is registered and the webhook is in the enabled state - the endpoint will recieve user data (name, email & country of the user) anytime the user logins in for the first time on the client's website or application via ConsCent.

> The webhook returns a JSON in the request body - structured like this:

```json
{
  "phoneNumber": "9818329028",
  "email": "test-email@webhook.com",
  "country": "IN"
}
```

Do note that you will receive either the phoneNumber or the email depending on what the user chooses to log in with.

## Login Webhook

You can register your webhook endpoint for receiving ConsCent user data by logging in to your ConsCent Client Dashboard and navigating to the [Webhook Page](https://client.conscent.in/dashboard/webhook). You will be able to enable/disable and edit your webhook url from this section. Once the webhook URL is registered and the webhook is in the enabled state - the endpoint will recieve user data (name, email, phone number, hashed email & phone number, city, location, address & country of the user) anytime the user logins in on the client's website or application via ConsCent.

#### Security

You will either get the user's email or phoneNumber field and accordingly only one of hashedPhoneNumber or hashedEmail.
This hash is generated by using jwt.sign and passing the api secret as the secret. [Learn more about jwt here](https://jwt.io/). You can verify this by using jwt.verify for security purposes.

Alternately, you can check the authorization headers. Every request to the webhook uses Basic authorization with the api key as the username and the api secret as the password.

**Your api key / api secret is visible in the SDK part of the Integration section of the client dashboard**

> The webhook returns a JSON in the request body - structured like this:

```json
{
  "userName": "9818329028",
  "phoneNumber": "9818329028",
  "email": "test-email@webhook.com",
  "country": "IN",
  "hashedPhoneNumber": "7942mey829mxe1238z2ym9zy39my29zy2z9dy24793msy29z2z",
  "hashedEmail": "8392mx30mx2mu8034x02mx802ry2480nyd249yx420xfn20w4y04xm2024",
  "name": "Test Name",
  "city": "London",
  "location": {
    "latitude": 8359893,
    "longitude": 7438734,
    "postcode": 221993
  },
  "os": "Mac OS 10.16",
  "browser": "Chrome",
  "userAgent": "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/96.0.4664.93 Safari/537.36",
  "address": {
    "apartment": "7923492 Apartment1",
    "area": "Test Area",
    "pincode": "389023",
    "landmark": "test landmark",
    "city": "New York City",
    "state": "New York",
    "country": "US"
  }
}
```
